Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-navbar-faq-page: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E2342)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
<!-- default file list -->

> # NavBar for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to create the FAQ Page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# NavBar for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to create a FAQ page
```

<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/e2342/)**
<!-- run online end -->

> The example demonstrates how to create the [ASPxNavBar](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxNavBar) groups and items at runtime to create a FAQ page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to create [ASPxNavBar](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxNavBar) groups and items at runtime to produce a FAQ page. 
```
